I wish I was a grown-up already.
Do you?
There's so much to learn in becoming a grown-up.
I hate winning.
Can't you hold just make me grow faster?
Good things take time to grow.
Jehovah made us to live forever.
He put eternity in our hearts.
August.
Take a look at these trees.
They're already big when your mom and I were your age.
But the stream was watering them.
Making them grow stronger and taller.
I know you want to grow up.
And you'll get there.
Just walk with Jehovah and enjoy the journey.
Dad.
Have you seen my ball?
Thanks.
You for the day, okay?
Okay.
Growing up, August felt like he didn't have any friends in the congregation.
But recently,
he's been using his time to cultivate a friendship with Ben.
Amen.
Good kid.
New to the congregation.
I can't shake the feeling.
Things have been tough for him at home for a long time.
They've got a great group of friends.
Harlan.
Chantelle.
And Mallory.
She's applied for SKE a number of times.
But hasn't been invited yet.
Funny.
It can be so easy to size up everybody else's life.
Except you're old.
It's been years since I've lost my privileges.
Brothers,
I completely understand the decision.
And I,
I fully support it.
Savior,
we know that you can serve again someday.
Will I ever be useful again?
Everything okay?
It's Ben.
He's been ignoring me.
What did I do?
Maybe you didn't do anything.
Everything.
He may be dealing with something.
You know,
he may need a friend
more than ever.
Even if it doesn't seem like it.
Take a look at
Proverbs
1717.
A true friend shows love at all times.
At all times.
A true friend
is a brother born for times of distress.
And shows patience
when it's hard to understand a friend's actions.
It can be easier to make a friend than to keep a friend.
That takes patience
and time.
Hey,
great to see you.
Hey, listen.
I really wanted to say
thank you.
Don't even worry about it.
Ready to play?
Ready.
We all face obstacles to spiritual growth.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
That was clean.
That was a foul.
My dad's angry.
I'm angry.
I want to change.
I just feel stuck.
I'm just like him.
I'm really sorry, Ben.
You don't have to be like him.
You can choose
who you're going to be.
It just feels like I'm losing battle.
You know, my dad always says
you're not losing
as long as you're
trying
be patient with yourself.
It will take time.
But you can do it.
You already have an idea of what's at the root of your struggle.
Each time you lose your temper,
write down what happened,
how you could have reacted better
and why
it before reacting.
Take a deep breath.
Colossians 3, 8.
Put away wrath.
Proverbs 16, 32.
The one slow to anger
is better than a mighty man.
Slow to anger.
Don't worry about that.
Sorry about that.
You really kept your cool out there.
Good job.
You know, Eski might happen someday,
but I'm really excited to be serving where the need is great now.
It's amazing how you can knock on one door for so long
and Jehovah opens another.
We have one last announcement.
We're happy to announce that Brother Ben Leo
has been appointed as a ministerial servant.
See you tonight, Mom.
Dad.
Enjoy King of Ministry School.
What is important
is not our time,
but Jehovah's time.
What I want
may not be what Jehovah knows I need.
The assembly had a lot of great parts today.
Thank you for your part.
I didn't have a part.
I'm not talking about up there.
I mean your example.
You're concerned for others.
How you contribute in any way you can
and how you always make time for Jehovah
for me and for Mom.
Yeah, you had a part today
when they talked about helping others.
The whole time,
you know, the one person I was thinking about.
It's you.
You helped me grow spiritually.
You never stopped helping me.
If we're in too big a rush to get somewhere,
we can miss what Jehovah is giving us right now.
There's beauty in the journey along the way.
And while we're waiting to reach our goals,
let's be grateful for the opportunity,
the time
to grow spiritually.
Hello.
Hi Xavier.
After the circuit over series visit this week,
the other body has some good news for you.
Good to see you and I meet with you before the meeting.